  He collapsed right in the middle of a packed courtroom He was one of this country most distinguished He was also  a  man who was as well known for te three thousnad dollar italians
 that draped his well ]ame as for his remarkable string of legal victories I simply stood there paalyxed by the shock of what ohad just witneesed the great Julian mantle had be reduced 
to a victim and was now squirming on thef ground like a helpless infant shaking and shivering and sweatng like a maniac    Everything seemed to move in sliw motion from that point on 
"MY GOD ",Julians in slow ,motion from that point on his paralegal screamed ,emotionally offering  us a blinding glimpse of the obvious . The judge looked panic stricken and nquickly muttered somethung nintonthe private
phone she had had installed in the event of an emergency As for me Ocould only stand theere daxed and confused . Please donot die you old foool its too early for you to check out .you don't 
deserve to dire like this 
                           The bailigg ,who earlier had looked as if he had been embalmed in his standing position lept into action  and started to perform CPR in the fallen legal hero .
The parakegal was at his side her long blind crls dangling over Julians ruby -read face offering him soft words of comfort words that he obviously could not hear . I had known Julian for
seveenteen year.we had first met when I was young law student hired by the of his partners as summer research intern Back then,he had it all He was a hrilliant hand some and fearless
trial attorney with dreams of greatness .julian was the firms young star thje rain maker in waiting . I can still rememner walking b jos regal corner office  I was working late nights
stealing and glimpse of the framed quotation perched on his massive oak desk .It was by winston Churchill and it spoke volumes anout the man that julian was 
                    
                Sure l am that this day we are masters of our fate that the
                task which has been set bnefore us is not above our strength
                that its pangs and tois arr not beyond my endurance As
                long as we have faith in our own cause and an  unconqraerale
                wil to win victory will not be denied us 
 Julian also walked his talk . He was tough hars driving and  willing to work eighteen hour days for the success he believed was his destiny . I heard through the grapevine that his 
grandfather  had been a prominent senator and his father a highly respected judge of federal court . It was obvious that he came from money and that there were enormou expectations weighing
on his Armani clad shouldersl. I ll admit one thing though he ran his own race . He was determined to do things his own way  and he loved toput on  a show
                                                                                                                                                             Julian's outrageors courtroom 
theatris reglarlu made the the front pages of the newspapwes . The rich and famous flocked to his side whenever they needed a superb legal tactician with an aggressive edge . His extra curic
-ular activities were probably as well knoen Late-night vivits to the city finedt restaurants with sexy young fashion models of reckless drinking escapades with with the rowdy band of brokers 
he called his "demolition team", became the stuff of legend at the firm 
                                                                           I still can't figure out why he picked me to work with him on that sensational murder case he was to argur that
first summer . Though I had graduated from Harvard Law School, his alma mater, certainly wasn't the brightest intern at the firm and my family pedigree reflected no blueblood . MY FATHER 
spent his whoke life as a securtity guard with a local bank after a stint in the Marines . My mother grew up uncremoniously in thef Bronx 
                                                                                                                                             Yet he did pick me over all the others who had been
quietly lobbying him for the privilege of being his legal gofer on what became hnown as "the mother of All Murder Trials ": he said he liked my "hunger " . We won of course , and the business
ezwcutive who had been charged woth brutally killing hos wofe was now a free man  or  as free as his cluttered conscience would let him be.
            At Hukiabs invitation  I stayed on at the irm as an associate and a lasting friendship quickly developed between us . I will admit that he wasn't the easiest lawyer to work with.
Serving as his junior was often an exercise in frustration leading to more than a few late night shouting matches . It was truly his way or the high way . This man could never be wrong . How
ever beneath his crusty ecterior was a person who clearly cared about people 
               

         
